.Dd 05/02/09
.Dt mpssh
.Sh NAME
.Nm mpssh
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm
.Op Fl besv
.Op Fl o Ar directory 
.Op Fl u Ar username
.Op Fl f Ar hosts
.Op Fl p Ar procs
.Ar <command> 
.Sh DESCRIPTION

The
.Nm
utility uses the ssh binary to connect to a number of hosts (specified in the hosts file) and execute <command> on each of them.

A list of flags and arguments with description: 
.Bl -tag -width -indent
.It Fl b
This flag enables "blind" mode, in which no output from the remote hosts is made to the screen. This mode can only be enabled if the
.Fl o
flag is used, so the output is saved to disk. 
.It Fl e
With this flag
.Nm
prints the return codes of the remotely executed commands.
.It Fl s
This flag disables the ssh(1)'s strict host key checking. For more info see the ssh(1) manual page.
.It Fl v
This flag makes the output more verbose.
.It Fl o Ar directory 
This option creates files in "directory" named after each host name listed in the "hosts" file and saves the output received from the remotely executed command there.
.It Fl u Ar username
This forces ssh to use the supplied username instead of the username of the current user.
.It Fl f Ar hosts
A file containing a list of hosts to whom we are going to connect. One host per line. Lines starting with # are skipped.
.It Fl p Ar procs
Spawn up-to "procs" number of ssh processes in parallel.
.El
.Pp
.\" .Sh ENVIRONMENT      \" May not be needed
.\" .Bl -tag -width "ENV_VAR_1" -indent \" ENV_VAR_1 is width of the string ENV_VAR_1
.\" .It Ev ENV_VAR_1
.\" Description of ENV_VAR_1
.\" .It Ev ENV_VAR_2
.\" Description of ENV_VAR_2
.\" .El                      
.Sh FILES
.It Pa /usr/local/bin/mpssh 
/usr/local/bin/mpssh The
.Nm
binary
.El
.\" .Sh DIAGNOSTICS       \" May not be needed
.\" .Bl -diag
.\" .It Diagnostic Tag
.\" Diagnostic informtion here.
.\" .It Diagnostic Tag
.\" Diagnostic informtion here.
.\" .El
.Sh SEE ALSO 
.\" List links in ascending order by section, alphabetically within a section.
.\" Please do not reference files that do not exist without filing a bug report
.Xr ssh 1 , 
.Xr ssh-keygen 1 ,
.Xr ssh-agent 1
.\" .Sh BUGS              \" Document known, unremedied bugs 
.\" .Sh HISTORY           \" Document history if command behaves in a unique manner
